we'll believe this what is it
just see for yourself talk you gotta see
for yourself
what is this not finished eating dick
Donda what are you making here true this
soup mankind so true history no fiction
know Africa 2 million years ago humans
and they moved migrated 10,000 years ago
civilization you this is me yeah and me
too
that's takers another blue people tribal
societies hunters gatherers planters
they've never killed more animals than
they Jews they never cloud more land
than they needed
they fought but they never waged war
never exterminated they had a place in
the world and in the world they were
part of it and they shed it may change
thought
now what are we supposed to change it
back what are we supposed to do
move move out of my way are we supposed
to unbuild the cities wander off into
the jungle like you did a stupid
specious argument you figures not I'm
busy you're a pain in the neck Dominion
we have only one thing to give up I
don't mean we don't own the world
we're not Kings yet not gods can we give
that up to press us all that control too
tempting being a god